[ftr] Set up CONTRIBUTING.md (#408)
Edirom/Edirom-Online: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Edirom Online Contributing Guidelines

- [How to contribute](#how-to-contribute)
  * [Bug reports](#bug-reports)
  * [Feature requests](#feature-requests)
  * [Contributing code and documentation](#contributing-code-and-documentation)
    + [Commit messages](#commit-messages) 
- [Release Process](#release-process)
- [Versioning](#versioning)

## How to contribute

Edirom-Online is a free and open-source software and we appreciate to receive contributions from our community!  
So first of all, thank you for considering contributing to Edirom-Online! When you do so, please try to follow these guidelines.

### Bug reports

> If you think you found a bug in Edirom-Online, first please search our [issues list](https://github.com/Edirom/Edirom-Online/issues) in case a similar issue has already been opened. If not, please open an issue. We implemented a [template](https://github.com/Edirom/Edirom-Online/blob/develop/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/problem-report.md) for problems and bugs to get as much information about the bug as possible, e.g. how the problem can be reproduced. Provide as much information as you can.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you think you found a bug in Edirom-Online, first please search our [issues list](https://github.com/Edirom/Edirom-Online/issues) in case a similar issue has already been opened. If not, please [open an issue](https://github.com/Edirom/Edirom-Online/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&projects=&template=problem-report.md&title=%5BBUG%5D). We implemented a [template](https://github.com/Edirom/Edirom-Online/blob/develop/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/problem-report.md) for problems and bugs to get as much information about the bug as possible, e.g. how the problem can be reproduced. Provide as much information as you can.
```

### Feature requests

> If you think, Edirom-Online should have a feature that does not exist already, please search our [issues list](https://github.com/Edirom/Edirom-Online/issues) in case a wish for a similar feature was already reported. If not, please open an issue and describe the feature using our [template](https://github.com/Edirom/Edirom-Online/blob/develop/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md) for new features. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you think, Edirom-Online should have a feature that does not exist already, please search our [issues list](https://github.com/Edirom/Edirom-Online/issues) in case a wish for a similar feature was already reported. If not, please [open an issue](https://github.com/Edirom/Edirom-Online/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Type%3A+feature+request&projects=&template=feature_request.md&title=%5Bftr%5D) and describe the feature using our [template](https://github.com/Edirom/Edirom-Online/blob/develop/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md) for new features. 
```

* Check the [network graph](https://github.com/Edirom/Edirom-Online/network) to see all the other forks of other persons to make sure, nobody else is already working on the topic, you want to start to address.
* Please discuss your idea first in an [issue](https://github.com/Edirom/Edirom-Online/issues). If there is no issue for your idea yet, please **open an issue**. There might be different ways to solve a problem and we want to make sure to find the right approach before spending time on a PR that cannot be merged.

> * **Fork** the `Edirom/Edirom-Online` repository into your own account, e.g. `username/Edirom-Online`. (Only if you plan to develop not on your own but with other developers and only in this case, open a dedicated branch on the Edirom-Online repository.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Fork** the `Edirom/Edirom-Online` repository into your own account, e.g. `username/Edirom-Online`. (Exception: If you plan to develop in a team (only in this case!), open a dedicated branch on the Edirom-Online repository.)
```

* Create a **dedicated branch** for your fix or feature on your repository, e.g. `ftr-some-new-feature`.
* Make your changes, while you can commit to your branch as many times as you like.

> * It is essential to **test** your modifications before committing or issuing a pull request. A recommended way is running a local eXist-db v5.3 container and deploying your local build of Edirom Online together with some test-data, e.g. the [Edirom Edition Example](https://github.com/Edirom/EditionExample). For other deployment methods, please see our documentation in the [wiki](https://github.com/Edirom/Edirom-Online/wiki). 

Reviewer 2: I would not recommend eXist-db `5.3` here, because I, e.g., work always with `6.1`.

```suggestion
* It is essential to **test** your modifications before committing or issuing a pull request. A recommended way is running a local eXist-db v5.3.0+ container and deploying your local build of Edirom Online together with some test-data, e.g. the [Edirom Edition Example](https://github.com/Edirom/EditionExample). For other deployment methods, please see our documentation in the [wiki](https://github.com/Edirom/Edirom-Online/wiki). 
```

Author: thanks @riedde, i moved this information (obviously, the version, written at this place was not updated a while) from the old readme.md since it was the only information regarding contributing. as  i am currently working on updating the readme file regarding #399 and i am quite far and will start with some commits quite soon.
